doc: add meeting minutes 2023-09-14 (#1105)
nodejs/security-wg: meetings/2023-09-14.md

## Present

* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)
* Marco Ippolito (@marco-ippolito)
* Ashish Kurmi (@ashishkurmi)
* Thomas GENTILHOMME (@fraxken)
* Ulises Gascon (@UlisesGascon)
* Andrea Fassina (@fasenderos)
* Carlos Espa (@Ceres6)

## Agenda

## Announcements

Node.js 16.x went EOL this week, reminder UPGRADE!

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [ ] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
  - new CVE in npm, does affect npm, needs an updated version in 18.x, not going to be updated in 16.x since its EOL.

- [ ] OpenSSF Scorecard Monitor Review 
  - General discussion summary of what was discussed include:
    - No big changes in the score for the organization: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1102
    - New diff feature in the Scorecard Visualizer is Open for Feedback: https://github.com/KoolTheba/openssf-scorecard-api-visualizer/pull/163
    - Relevant feedback regarding previous Scorecard visualizer errors with nodejs.org repo:  https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/issues/3438 

>    - Last report summary https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1079

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Last report summary https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1079
```

### nodejs/security-wg

* Audit build process for dependencies
[#1037](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1037)
  * Meeting today with Marco, Ashish, Michael brainstorming to get started. Came up with some things to start building the list of what to check (uses npm, pulls github release, etc.). Also need to agree on what we consider an immutable source, versus one that we might need to create a copy of.

>   * Ulises, discussion about scripts, good to have check for licenses.  Could add check for license in dependency update script. Ulises will open an issue in the repo to discuss adding it (Ref: https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/49625#issuecomment-1715734234).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Ulises, discussion about scripts, good to have check for licenses.  Could add check for license in dependency update script. Ulises will open an issue in the repo to discuss adding it (Ref: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/1104).
```
